Good quality code is an essential property of a software because it could lead to financial losses or waste of time needed for further maintenance, modification or adjustments if code quality is not good enough. Below, I list the characteristics of a good code.

Readable
Efficiency
Robustness
Keep your code portable
Reusability
Can be read by humans
Self explanatory
Security
People can read it
Easy to understand
Takes less than 5 min to understand it
Minimize or eliminate use of global variables
Comment and document the code
Use descriptive function and method names - use both uppercase and lowercase, avoid abbreviations, and use as many characters as necessary to be adequately descriptive.
Be consistent in naming conventions, follow the style guide
Split your code into short, focused units
Function and method sizes should be minimized. Less than 100 lines of code is good; less than 50 lines is preferable.
Function descriptions should be clearly spelled out in comments preceding a function’s code.
Use white spaces generously - vertically and horizontally.
Each line of code should contain 70 characters max.
One code statement per line.
Coding style should be consistent throughout a program (e.g., use of brackets, indentations, naming conventions).
In adding comments, err on the side of too many rather than too few comments; a common rule of thumb is that there should be at least as many lines of comments (including header blocks) as lines of code.
Make extensive use of error-handling procedures and status and error logging.
Minimize use of multiple inheritances, and minimize use of operator overloading
Make liberal use of exception handlers
You can read it, can understand it without documentation
Understandable, new developers should be able to understand it
Maintainability
Avoid security pitfalls
Easily readable as if it was some text
Easy to read. Straight forward
Avoid cyclic dependencies
Follows convention
Unambiguous
Put everything under version control. Which release should have a specific version number
Uses a simple syntax